prettierx: Break before statement (after if, else, for, for await, for each, while do and with). (#327)
brodybits/prettierx: docs/options.md

| ------- | --------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `false` | `--align-object-properties` | `alignObjectProperties: <bool>` |

## Break before statement

> Puts a hard break before single, non-block statement following: `if`, `else`, `with`, `for`, `for await`, `for each`, `do` and `while`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Force a hard break before single, non-block statement following: `if`, `else`, `for`, `for await`, `for each`, `do` and `while`, and `with`.
```

rationale: "soft break" vs "hard break" is an internal distinction; I think "soft break" is not quite abstract enough for external documentation. I am proposing a low-impact way to avoid the use of "soft break" in the documentation. I would also propose moving `with` to the end as discussed in another comment.

Valid options:

> - `"never"` - Only insert a soft break.
> - `"conditionals"` - Only insert hard break following conditionals: `if`, `else` and `with`.
> - `"loops"` - Only insert hard break following loops: `for`, `for await`, `for each`, `do` and `while`.
> - `"always"` - Insert a hard break for all of cases.

Reviewer: proposed:

```suggestion
- `"never"` - Never force a hard break.
- `"conditionals"` - Only force hard break following conditionals: `if`, `else` and `with`.
- `"loops"` - Only force hard break following loops: `for`, `for await`, `for each`, `do` and `while`.
- `"always"` - Force a hard break for all of cases.
```
